README.md, before:

# Hello, I'm Rajeev Krishna 👋

<img alt="Coder GIF" height=250 width=350 src="https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/730703/screenshots/6581243/avento.gif" />

## About Me
I am a passionate frontend developer with a strong focus on crafting engaging and intuitive user experiences. With 1 year of experience in the industry, I have honed my skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create visually appealing and interactive websites and web applications.

## Skills
- **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- **Frameworks/Libraries:** React, NextJs, Tailwind, Astro
- **Version Control:** Git, Github
- **Design Tools:** Figma, Webflow

## Work Experience
- As of now I contribute in Open source and build my own projects 

## Projects
### [Calendar](https://radzhiv25.github.io/Projects/Calendar/index.html)
- This is basically a space travel time calendar which helps to keep things in schedule.
- Technologies: HTML, CSS and Webflow.
  
### [Blog Node](https://astro-blog-node.vercel.app/)
- A blog app which consists of News, Jobs and Events.
- Technologies: Astro, TailwindCSS, Javascript and Framer.

### [Portfolio](https://rajeevkrishna.vercel.app/)
- A portfolio to portray me
- Technologies: NextJs and TailwindCSS.

## Education
- Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science: Medi-Caps University, 2020 - 2024

## Interests
- Keeping up with the latest frontend development trends and technologies
- Exploring new design and UX/UI concepts
- Continuous learning and personal growth
- Learning about new tech devices, especially mobiles and laptops

## Contact Me
- Email: radzhivkrishna@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkrishna25/
- Portfolio: Under progress but for temporary https://rajeevkrishna.vercel.app/
- GitHub: https://github.com/radzhiv25/

Feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions, or collaboration opportunities, or just want to connect! I'm always open to new challenges and exciting projects.

Let's build amazing user experiences together! 💪🚀

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=radzhiv25&theme=dark&border_radius=5)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

Commit message:

Updated with Few changes
1. Updated the Projects Section
2. Education (added grades)
3. Added Twitter in Contact Me

README.md, after:

# Hello, I'm Rajeev Krishna 👋

<img alt="Coder GIF" height=250 width=350 src="https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/730703/screenshots/6581243/avento.gif" />

## About Me
I am a passionate frontend developer with a strong focus on crafting engaging and intuitive user experiences. With 1 year of experience in the industry, I have honed my skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create visually appealing and interactive websites and web applications.

## Skills
- **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- **Frameworks/Libraries:** React, NextJs, Tailwind, Astro
- **Version Control:** Git, Github
- **Design Tools:** Figma, Webflow

## Work Experience
- As of now I contribute in Open source and build my own projects 

## Projects
### [Calendar](https://radzhiv25.github.io/Projects/Calendar/index.html)
- This is basically a space travel time calendar which helps to keep things in schedule.
- Technologies: HTML, CSS and Webflow.
  
### [Blog Node](https://astro-blog-node.vercel.app/)
- A blog app which consists of News, Jobs and Events.
- Technologies: Astro, TailwindCSS, Javascript and Framer.

### [Keeper](https://keeper-woad-gamma.vercel.app/)
- A notes app where you can create and delete note.
- Technologies: ReactJs and TailwindCSS.

### [Portfolio](https://rajeevkrishna.vercel.app/)
- A portfolio to portray me and my projects.
- Technologies: ReactJs, NextJs and TailwindCSS.

## Education
- Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science: Medi-Caps University, 2020 - 2024
- Current Grade: 8.16 CGPA

## Interests
- Keeping up with the latest frontend development trends and technologies
- Exploring new design and UX/UI concepts
- Continuous learning and personal growth
- Learning about new tech devices, especially mobiles and laptops

## Contact Me
- Email: radzhivkrishna@gmail.com
- Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/RadzhivDev
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkrishna25/
- Portfolio: Under progress but for temporary https://rajeevkrishna.vercel.app/
- GitHub: https://github.com/radzhiv25/

Feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions, or collaboration opportunities, or just want to connect! I'm always open to new challenges and exciting projects.

Let's build amazing user experiences together! 💪🚀

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=radzhiv25&theme=dark&border_radius=5)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
